Using diff to find the differences between two files
helped me in seeing the bug because it highlighted
the lines that were different in the two files so I could
immediately see the files which I had been working on
and therefore could contain the bug.

As a result I didn’t have to search through the file manually
at each place I had been working.

If I have to change a bunch of stuff in case I want to refactor
or just experiment and it all goes to shit I can just restore a
previous version of the document instead of retracing my steps
and changing everything back

When your project is saved automatically at certain intervals you have better
protection against data loss if you don’t manually save changes frequently enough.
However the versions that are saved could be nonsense, i.e. they don’t compile
because it was saved when you were in the middle of writing a line of code. The
version history will also be less useful since the commits aren’t logically seperated
and won’t have comments explaining what the difference is between this version and
other ones. It’s also more cluttered with more saves.

version controls which allow saving multiple files in one commit do so because the
files can be interdependent. Those that don’t allow saving multiple files in one
commit do so because the files aren’t dependent.

Start by using git log to find the relevant commit id’s and then use git diff on those commit id’s to see the differences between the versions

I’d be more confident in making changes that might break something because I can
always revert to an older version that was working. Using git checkout I can 
easily test the older version for a working version and either restore that or 
find the bugs using diff

I want to use git for my projects to keep them safe (another layer of protection) and organized. Also I’m very impressed with the version control aspect of the whole thing
and really want to be able to use it so I don’t have to be ass hesitant when I want
to make sweeping changes to my code, I really like to experiment with my code but
it’s hard when you can’t save a particular version